Add community files (#638)
kubeshop/botkube: README.md

    <img src="https://github.com/kubeshop/botkube/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=main" alt="CI Build" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/kubeshop/botkube">
    <img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/kubeshop/botkube" alt="Go Report" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://godoc.org/github.com/kubeshop/botkube">
    <img src="https://godoc.org/github.com/kubeshop/botkube?status.svg" alt="Go Docs" />
  </a>
</p>

## Overview

BotKube helps you monitor your Kubernetes cluster, debug critical deployments and gives recommendations for standard practices by running checks on the Kubernetes resources. It integrates with multiple communication platforms, such as [Slack](https://slack.com), [Discord](https://discord.com/), or [Mattermost](https://mattermost.com).

You can also execute `kubectl` commands on K8s cluster via BotKube which helps debugging an application or cluster.

<p align="center">
<img src="./docs/assets/main-demo.gif" />
</p>

## Getting started

Please follow [this](https://botkube.io/installation/) for a complete BotKube installation guide.

## Documentation

> For complete documentation visit [botkube.io](https://botkube.io).
> 
> The documentation sources reside on the [botkube-docs](https://github.com/kubeshop/botkube-docs) repository under **content** directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For full documentation, visit [botkube.io](https://botkube.io). The documentation sources reside on the [botkube-docs](https://github.com/kubeshop/botkube-docs) repository under **content** directory.
```

## Features

<img src="./docs/assets/icons/terminal-box-line.svg" width="12%" align="right"/>

### Execute `kubectl` commands

> Same old Kubectl syntax - just a new interface. You do not have to learn anything new! Plus you can configure which `kubectl` commands BotKube can execute. See [configuration](https://botkube.io/configuration/resource/) for details.

Reviewer: WDYT:

```suggestion
The same `kubectl` capabilities inside your favorite communicator. You do not have to learn anything new! Plus, you can configure which `kubectl` commands BotKube can execute. See [configuration](https://botkube.io/configuration/resource/) for details.
```

<br /><br />

<img src="./docs/assets/icons/question-answer-line.svg" width="10%" align="left"/>

> ### Support multiple communicator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use multiple communication platforms
```

BotKube integrates with Slack, Discord, Mattermost, Microsoft Teams, ElasticSearch and outgoing webhook. See [configuration](https://botkube.io/configuration/communication/) syntax for details.

<br /><br />

<img src="./docs/assets/icons/stack-line.svg" width="13%" align="right"/>

> ### Supports Custom Resources

Reviewer: For consistency 🙂 
```suggestion
### Monitor any Kubernetes resource
```

> BotKube can monitor literally any Kubernetes resource including Custom Resource. This enables you to configure alerts on events like - certificate issue if you use [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) or backup failure in case you use backup tools like Velero or Kanister.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BotKube supports literally any Kubernetes resource, including Custom Resources. For example, if you use [`cert-manager`](https://cert-manager.io/), you can get alerted about certificate issue, or backup failure in case you use backup tools like [Velero](https://velero.io/) or [Kanister](https://kanister.io/).
```

<br /><br />

> <img src="./docs/assets/icons/bug-line.svg" width="12%" align="left"/>

Reviewer: `align` attribute is deprecated - please use `style="text-align: left"` instead.
https://www.w3.org/TR/html4/present/graphics.html#h-15.1.2
Please change that everywhere.

BTW when you change that, you can also move width to `style` as well for consistency.

Author: Yep, I had that in this way previously but GitHub doesn't support **style** property: https://github.com/mszostok/botkube/blob/test-cm-1/README.md

> ### Debug Anywhere, Anytime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Debug anywhere, anytime
```

> With `@BotKube` you can monitor and debug Kubernetes deployments from anywhere. You can use e.g. Slack mobile app and get crucial information. The entire team can see what steps have already been taken and avoid duplicated work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using BotKube you can debug your apps deployed on Kubernetes from anywhere. To extract crucial information from the cluster, you can even use mobile communicator apps, like Slack. The entire team can see what steps have already been taken and avoid duplicated work.
```

<br /><br />

<img src="./docs/assets/icons/cloud-line.svg" width="12%" align="right"/>

### Deploy on any Kubernetes cluster

> You can deploy BotKube backend on any Kubernetes cluster, whether it is [K3d](https://k3d.io/v5.4.3/) or cloud managed Kubernetes or anything in between.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy BotKube backend on any Kubernetes cluster. It doesn't matter whether it is [K3d](https://k3d.io), managed Kubernetes on a cloud provider, or bare-metal one.
```
